Add URL Fetching Provider (#47)
sourcegraph/openctx: provider/url-fetcher/README.md

# URL Fetcher context provider for OpenCtx

> TODO DONOTMERGE
> 
> This is a sample context provider for [OpenCtx](https://openctx.org) that annotates every file with `✨ Hello, world!` every 10 lines or so.
> 
> ## Usage
> 
> Add the following to your settings in any OpenCtx client:
> 
> ```json
> "openctx.providers": {
>     // ...other providers...
>     "https://openctx.org/npm/@openctx/provider-hello-world": true
> },
> ```
> 
> ## Configuration
> 
> This sample provider is not configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This is a context provider for [OpenCtx](https://openctx.org) that fetches URLs for use as context items.

## Usage

Add the following to your settings in any OpenCtx client:

```json
"openctx.providers": {
    // ...other providers...
    "https://openctx.org/npm/@openctx/url-fetcher": true
},
```

## Configuration

This provider is not configurable.
```

## Development

> - [Source code](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/openctx/-/tree/provider/hello-world)
> - [Docs](https://openctx.org/docs/providers/hello-world)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Source code](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/openctx/-/tree/provider/url-fetcher)
- [Docs](https://openctx.org/docs/providers/url-fetcher)
```
